Pilot RPA in your enterprise. In this section, we'll cover a five step basic plan for piloting and implementing RPA.
...
The first step is to identify, evaluate and prioritize processes.
Step number two is to describe the chosen processes.
Step number three is to design, develop and test the chosen processes.
Step four is to actually implement the processes; and step five is to continue monitoring and improve
the chosen processes.
Then we'll cover how to create RPA Center of Excellence,
we'll look at some critical success factors and then we'll have a look at a number of real world applications
of RPA.
At the end of this section you'll know how to pilot and implement RPA in your enterprise from
a high level perspective,
what roles and responsibilities are needed in an RPA Center of Excellence, critical success factors
for succeeding with an RPA initiative; and you'll know more examples on how RPA has been applied
in various businesses.